Added `DROP DATABASE name CASCADE ALIASES` (#1036)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc

| Added the ability to dynamically reference properties in xref:clauses/set.adoc#set-dynamically-a-property[SET] and xref:clauses/remove.adoc#remove-remove-a-property-dynamically[REMOVE] clauses.

> a|

Author: might need to switch which version it's added in depending on when it gets merged into product

label:functionality[]

> label:new[]

Author: should this be in the new or the updated category? It is new functionality on an existing command

Reviewer: Looking at some recent examples. adding gs:// to LOAD CSV and adding CIDR ranges to GRANT/DENY were both New, so I think it should be new.

[source, cypher, role=noheader]
----
DROP [COMPOSITE] DATABASE ... [RESTRICT \| CASCADE ALIAS[ES]]
----

> | Added the ability to drop any database aliases, that would otherwise block the deletion of the database, at the same time as the deletion of the database.

Reviewer: I think it's either ', which' or 'that' but that's probably one for the docs team to arbitrate.

Author: changed in the alternative from docs review

> | Added the ability to drop any database aliases, that would otherwise block the deletion of the database, at the same time as the deletion of the database.
> This will affect local database aliases targeting the database and constituent database aliases belonging to the composite database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Added the ability to drop database aliases while deleting a database.
This will affect local database aliases targeting the database and constituent database aliases belonging to the composite database.
For more information, see link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/database-administration/standard-databases/delete-databases/#delete-databases-with-aliases[Delete a database with local database aliases targeting it] and link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/database-administration/composite-databases/delete-composite-databases/#composite-databases-delete-with-aliases[Delete a composite database with constituent database aliases].
```

DROP [COMPOSITE] DATABASE ... [RESTRICT \| CASCADE ALIAS[ES]]
----

> | Added the ability to drop database aliases while deleting a database.

Author: ```suggestion
| Added the ability to drop database aliases while dropping a database.
```
maybe?

Author: though I guess we are already pretty inconsistent if we write drop or delete 🤷

Reviewer 2: You are right - we need to decide on which to use and stick with it. Personally I think we should use drop because that is what the command is called (otherwise I definitely would have preferred "delete"). I will bring this up with my Ops Manual colleagues and take a decision.

This will affect local database aliases targeting the database and constituent database aliases belonging to the composite database.
For more information, see link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/database-administration/standard-databases/delete-databases/#delete-databases-with-aliases[Delete a database with local database aliases targeting it] and link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/database-administration/composite-databases/delete-composite-databases/#composite-databases-delete-with-aliases[Delete a composite database with constituent database aliases].

a|
label:functionality[]
label:new[]
[source, cypher, role=noheader]
----
LOAD CSV FROM 'azb://azb-account/azb-container/artists.csv' AS row
MERGE (a:Artist {name: row[1], year: toInteger(row[2])})
RETURN a.name, a.year
----

> | Extension of the xref:clauses/load-csv.adoc#azure-cloud-storage[LOAD CSV] clause to allow loading CSV files from Azure Cloud Storage URIs.

Author: feels weird that this is added as part of this PR...

Reviewer 2: It wasnt - it was added here https://github.com/neo4j/docs-cypher/pull/1008
It appeared in this PR because I had to resolve a conflict

Author: because you pull-merged instead of rebased XD
